Mirko, I'm glad you're still willing to help, vielen Dank!Regarding my environment, I have a MacBook Pro for development (where I use the built-in infrastructure provided by Giraph for testing), and I also have a local Ubuntu server where I can start up a handful of Vagrant VMs to emulate a Hadoop cluster (with either CDH4 or CDH5) and perform more intricate tests.
So, I just forked the Giraph repository in GitHub, and I'll start developing against the trunk/master branch. You can find it here:


https://github.com/grighetto/giraph/tree/trunk


Probably, by the end of the week, I'll push the initial commits for the SCC algorithm.


Let me know if you have any questions.
Thanks,
Gianluca Righetto

Am 27.04.2014 um 07:29 schrieb Mirko Kämpf:

Hi Gianluca,

this is not good news on one side, but that you want to go on with this project is great.
I will support you as good as I can. 


What are the properties of your development environment?

I do my tests with a 4 node C5 cluster and with a one node dev-cluster.
After you forked the master branch I will clone it, so we are on the same track.
Let me know the name of the project.



Enjoy your Sunday!


Cheers,
Mirko


   


On Thu, Apr 24, 2014 at 7:14 PM, Gianluca Righetto <gianluca@menttis.com> wrote:

Hello,

Unfortunately, my proposal wasn't selected for GSoC this year, actually, I was surprised that only 39 projects projects were accepted by Apache (that's low considering the number of projects supported by the foundation) and none of them were related to Giraph, which is a shame.

Anyway, I think I've gone too far to let the effort die now, so I'd like to make this contribution anyway, I even got the code started already.
So, what would be the best way to do it? Should I fork the master branch in GitHub and send a pull request when everything is ready?

Mirko, would you still be interested in helping me out by reviewing the code, trying it out, or simply providing some comments?


Many thanks to both of you and, hopefully, next year Giraph will be amongst the selected projects.



Best regards,
Gianluca Righetto

Am 18.03.2014 um 20:41 schrieb Gianluca Righetto:


Hello Mirko and Avery,

I'm sending this message just to let you both know that I officially submitted my project proposal to Google Summer of Code, given you two were the ones who showed some interest in supporting the project.

You can take a look at the proposal in Google's Melange platform here: http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/proposal/public/google/gsoc2014/gianlucar/5629499534213120



Thanks,
Gianluca Righetto














-- 
 










