
  dataminded.be/blog/fair-benchmark-impala-20-part-1. Your feedback is welcome.
  	
      	
          
            
          



	
      	
          	
              	
                  
                    
                  



              		
                  	
                      
                        
                      


	Gruppen


              	
                  
                    
                  



              	
                  	
                      
                        
                      


	
                  	
                      
                        
                      


	
                  	
                      
                        
                      





              	
                  	
                      	
                          
                            
                          



	
                      	
                          	
                              
                                
                              


		
                          	
                              
                                
                              


	
                          	Diskussionen im Trend in der Gruppe:
	Cloudera Certified Hadoop Professionals




	
                      	
                          	
                              
                                
                              


	
                          	
                              
                                
                              


	
                          	
                              
                                
                              











          	
              	
                  	
                      
                        
                      


	
                  	
                      	
                          
                            
                          



	
                      		
                          	
                              
                                
                              


	A fair benchmark for Impala 2.0


	
                      	
                          
                            
                          



	
                      	
                          	
                              	
                                  
                                    
                                  


	Kris Peeters




	
                      	
                          
                            
                          



	
                      	
                          	
                              
                                
                              


	
                          	dataminded.be/blog/fair-benchmark-impala-20-part-1. Your feedback is welcome.
	
                              	
                                  
                                    
                                  



	
                              	
                                  	
                                      
                                        
                                      



		
                                  	
                                      
                                        
                                      


	
                                  	A fair benchmark for Impala 2.0 - part 1
	In the last couple of weeks, we&#39;ve been studying Impala and we&#39;ve been trying to replicate their TPC-DS benchmark results ( here and here) on Impala 2.0, their latest release. This is important to us because some of our clients own a large...


	
                                  	
                                      
                                        
                                      





	
                              	
                                  
                                    
                                  



	
                              	
                                  	
                                      	
                                          
                                            
                                          


	Diskussion anzeigen	
                                      	
                                          
                                            
                                          







	
                              	
                                  
                                    
                                  



	
                              	
                                  	
                                      
                                        
                                      



	
                                  		
                                      	
                                          
                                            
                                          


	
                                      	
                                          	Hari Sekhon


	
                                          	
                                              
                                                
                                              



	Excellent points raised in this article, I can't wait to see the...




	
                                  	
                                      
                                        
                                      





                              	1 neuer Kommentar 


	
                              	
                                  
                                    
                                  








	
                  	
                      
                        
                      







          	
              	
                  	
                      
                        
                      



	
                  	Sie erhalten folgende E-Mails: Gruppenauszug. Abbestellen
	Diese E-Mail war an Mirko Kämpf gerichtet (on the track to BIG DATA). Erfahren Sie, warum wir dies hinzufügen.
	
                      	
                          
                            
                          



	©2014 LinkedIn Ireland, Gardner House, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland


	
                  	
                      
                        
                      











  
 