It's even enforced in software: If SELinux is enabled, CM installation is going to come to a grinding halt with a prompt to disable it. It's not a supported option.

To Michael's point, some customers (really) don't like this so Cloudera field personnel are already teaching each other how to do things like turn off SELinux for the installation and turn it back on again, open the ports to the CM database, run audit2allow to generate the policy files, etc. in order to get around customer objections and continue in environments where SELinux is immovable. These discussions are ongoing but to date aren't part of our documentation or recommendations. This frontline experience will probably eventually percolate itself back up into the product and best practices, so it'll come up in class more and more. But as of today thousands of Hadoop nodes are running in production with no SELinux in places that otherwise care about it, so this is the practice should be emphasized to new students.


J




On Tue, Jan 20, 2015 at 8:12 AM,  <michael.clarkson@cloudera.com> wrote:

And that recommendation is categorically wrong. Information security is a war. Turning off SELinux is going to war with no armor. At some point in the very near future SELinux will be required by info sec in government and financial sectors. Better to be ahead of the curve than scrambling to catch up.



-- Michael Clarkson
 RHC{E,I,X,VA,SA-OSP,DS,A} 

CCAH Cloudera Instructor 
 President, Flakjacket Inc.



On Tue, Jan 20, 2015 at 8:37 AM, Ian Wrigley <ian@cloudera.com> wrote:


Never, ever, ever turn off SELinux.





Sorry, but our absolute, strong recommendation is to turn it off. That's the Cloudera line, and is what we should be teaching students. 


Ian.


---
Ian Wrigley
Director, Educational Curriculum
Cloudera, Inc
Cell: (323) 819 4075




On Jan 20, 2015, at 9:32 AM, michael.clarkson@cloudera.com wrote:



On the SELinux front, last time it was benchmarked its effect was about 7% on untuned code. That number has gone down but it isn't an easy metric to grab. The effects are minimal and the benefits are huge. Configuration is NOT complex. That is a myth spread by admins too lazy to learn the 6 or 7 commands it takes to make it work. Here is the config for any application ever:
1. setenforce 0
2. Install and run application.
3. Check audit log for AVC alerts.
4. If there are alerts, run: audit2allow -alrM X where X is the name of the offending application.
5. Run semodule -i X.pp where X is the same as before. 
6. setenforce 1
7. Feel superior as your system is protected from things like the heartbleed bug.

Never, ever, ever turn off SELinux.



-- Michael Clarkson
 RHC{E,I,X,VA,SA-OSP,DS,A} 

CCAH Cloudera Instructor 
 President, Flakjacket Inc.




On Tue, Jan 20, 2015 at 8:18 AM, 'Scott Snyder' via actp_instructors <actp_instructors@cloudera.com> wrote:




Answer1: RedHat and Oracle Linux support ext2 due to contract obligations. In all  RedHat and Oracle Linux  admin classes and all of their analysts/consultants 

move every customer to ext4, due to features and support issues.  Ext4 is a journaled file system that does not rely heavily on fsck. Full fsck can take a long time 

at boot-up on large file systems. RedHat teach the command tune2fs -c 0 -i 0 /dev/sda5     to fully turn off fsck because they trust the journaling.







Answer2: SELinux is outstanding and provide file system protection. It places a context of every file, directory, daemons, and processes. 

It takes some over head. SELinux is taught in RedHat's admin classes that are mid-level or above.  SELinux is excellent at providing protection

and will lock an application down, if any context violation is found, and  always at the most critical time. 




When the students are asked “ Do you use SELinux on your production systems?” Ninety five (95%) or more reply that their company

disables SELinux. Even most students from Government Agencies reply that they disable SELinux.




Performance is not the issues with SELinux in most cases. SELinux is excellent at securing a production system 

and if it is not properly administered, SELinux can lock down a production application or applications.  A skilled Linux administrator will be

needed to trouble-shoot the problem.  An untrained admin could waste hours trying to find the problem.  Most unskilled admins will put

SELinux in permissive mode and at a later time disable it completely.  






Lack of proper SELinux System Administration and training keeps most Linux customers from using it. One improper use of the mv 

command and a whole application could be locked.




/scott




RedHat Instructor for 4 years

Oracle Linux instructor 10+ years









 




     On Tuesday, January 20, 2015 10:14 AM, Ian Wrigley <ian@cloudera.com> wrote:
 
  



Hi Tünde


1. ext2 is now very old. Pretty much every current Linux filesystem is a journaling filesystem these days (I can't think of one that isn't, off the top of my head). I believe that when our engineers looked at disabling journaling they found very little difference in terms of speed -- and any increase there was, was outweighed by the fact that a crash would require a full fsck of the filesystem when the machine reboots, which is extremely painful if you have a 36TB worker node...




2. I'm not aware of any specific papers or tests, but that's a fairly well-accepted rule of thumb. More important than just the performance impact, though, is the fact that you need to build a pretty complex set of rules to allow all the relevant daemons to talk to each other on all the ports they need -- and that an update to Hadoop could easily break things.




Ian.



---
Ian Wrigley
Director, Educational Curriculum
Cloudera, Inc
Cell: (323) 819 4075




On Jan 20, 2015, at 6:20 AM, Tünde Balint <tbalint@xebia.com> wrote:


















Hi all,




The students asked me a couple of questions

	What is the reason why we don’t mention non-journaling filesystems (they asked esp. for ext2)? What is cloudera’s stand point for this? What would the performance implications be?
	Regarding SELinux : do we have any tests/papers or something which underlines that the performance impact is 7-10% and why? And what is the required complex configuration?




I will also try to look up some answers after the course, but was hoping that somebody just knows the answers :)






Met vriendelijke groet/Kind regards/Tisztelettel,


Tünde Bálint



Big Data Solutions Wizard


▉▉▉▉▉▉▉ GoDataDriven



M: +31 (0)635 118 414







W: http://godatadriven.com, proudly part of the Xebia group














To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to actp_instructors+unsubscribe@cloudera.com.









  
 
  
 


























