During a CDSW demo yesterday, a customer asked if a session could be resumed if it was stopped and I told them that it was not possible but that the results of the session are saved and persisted, and as long as they don't delete the session, they can go back and look at the results.

They said that a lot of their work/jobs run for a long time (hours), even in their notebooks and IDEs (currently they use RStudio and Jupyter), and that quite often they leave something running, go home for the evening and then come back the following morning to resume what they were doing. From what I understand, and as discussed already in this thread, resuming a session is not even possible in Jupyter/Zeppelin notebooks today. However, the behaviour, as stated in our documentation is that "Sessions automatically stop after an hour of inactivity." and I did not see a setting on how to configure the time period after which sessions are automatically stopped. That means that if they are running something overnight and it finishes and is idle for an hour then the session is stopped, so when they come back in the morning they can't resume what they are doing. With RStudio and Jupyter, provided that there's no outage overnight/the computer doesn't crash/etc, then session and state is still there for them to continue working on it in the morning.


For this scenario, would it make sense to have the ability to resume/restart a session, or just to have the ability to configure the duration of inactive sessions? 


Please correct me if I'm wrong, as I don't know the full capabilities of containers, but as for saving the state of a session, whatever is in memory is transient, so "state" cannot really be saved as a snapshot and resumed...or can it? 


Thanks,

William Chow
Systems Engineer
Cloudera | www.cloudera.com
416-428-9690 | william@cloudera.com






















-- 

You received this message because you are subscribed to the Google Groups "SME CDSW" group.

To unsubscribe from this group and stop receiving emails from it, send an email to sme-cdsw+unsubscribe@cloudera.com.

To post to this group, send email to sme-cdsw@cloudera.com.

To view this discussion on the web visit https://groups.google.com/a/cloudera.com/d/msgid/sme-cdsw/CAJBDJDEWKsmgwVou_tuAAVQZOFqPp--npRt-fym4rP1%2BS5cALQ%40mail.gmail.com.

